d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Prise_Note.g.cs
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Prise_Note.baml
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\CreaModif_Note.g.cs
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\CreaModif_Note.baml
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\documents\aluccin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWCFService\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.baml
